hey guys Mike Hedrick pit pirate BBQ
today we're still working on a ward
winning barbecue we're going to go ahead
and make a Carolina vinegar sauce BBQ is
regional depending where you go in the
country people are going to say that's
the way you make barbecue or if you live
in Texas that's the way you make
barbecue well I'm from Carolina and I
like to boast and think that the
Carolina barbecue way is the way to make
it Carolina barbecue is vinegar based so
when once we get the meat all cooked up
we're going to go ahead and toss it in a
light vinegar sauce it's going to be the
twang of the vinegar it's going to be a
little bit of sweet and a little bit of
heat and we're going to throw all that
together right now to get us going we
need some apple cider vinegar we're
going to go ahead and go with one and a
half cups of apple cider vinegar right
here into our bowl people want to mix in
some just regular white vinegar if you
want to do that hey you just go ahead
and do whatever you want we want to go
ahead and in into that cup and a half we
want to add a real good quarter cup of
brown sugar that's going to give that
twang a little bit of that sweetness
that we need as always we're going to go
ahead and add in some salt we're going
to go in and add about a tablespoon in
here because remember this isn't going
on one one serving this is going to go
over probably about 30 or 40 sandwiches
or whatever so you want to go ahead and
make sure that you got that in there you
put a little bit of salt in when you're
cooking let's all people need when
they're actually got it on their plate I
say I like black pepper so I like a good
table ground we're going to go with one
whole tablespoon of that and then red
pepper flakes that goes ahead gets it a
little bit of a little bit of bite
listen remember how you cooking what
you're cooking them up for throw that in
there then you can throw in a little bit
of hot sauce
Cajun buddy of mine JB down in Baton
Rouge Louisiana he sent me some of this
Louisiana gold this stuff is good it's
got red peppers and Tabasco peppers and
really spirit vinegar and salt so that's
four that's four variables and that's
not very much I like to keep the
variables down low so we're going to go
ahead and throw a little bit of this in
here we come back we're going to go
ahead and keep on cooking get this
step right now we're going to go ahead
and make a mop next we need that mop for
when we got the meet about halfway
cooked up so you guys hang in there and
let me just keep getting this mixed up
oh man smelling good
to watch the other segments in this
video series or for how-to videos on
almost any other topic visit monkey-see
com